SOURCE URL: https://help.bondora.fi/hc/en-fi/articles/12669435944978-How-do-I-contact-Customer-Support

TOPIC: Contact Support

QUESTION: How do I contact Customer Support?

--- POLICY ANSWER ---

How do I contact Customer Support?
Before reaching out to our support team, take a look at the articles below for answers to common questions — you might find help even faster this way.
How can I change the loan terms?
How can I change my payment date?
Payment difficulties
You can contact Customer Support via the convenient feedback form below.
The most important thing to remember is to write to us from the email address you use to log in to your Bondora account.
This is how we verify your identity.
If you write to us from an email address that is not linked to your Bondora account, we will not be able to provide you with information.
We must first verify that it's really you to protect your account and identity. To do this, we will ask for a copy of your identity document, your identity number, or any additional proof we may need to identify you.
If you do not have access to the email address you used to create your account,
please update your email address
.
When you do this, we won't have to ask any additional questions, and you can get the answer to your query as quickly as possible.
By submitting your message or documents to Customer Support, you confirm that the information provided is not confidential and does not include personal data about third parties.
How to formulate your question to Support
Please describe the problem or issue as accurately and clearly as possible.
That way, we don't have to ask any additional questions and can start helping you immediately.
If you send us a document or an image, please check that the quality is good and has all the necessary information
If you're writing about a technical issue, please include a screenshot with an error message
If you would like to inquire about a payment made, please attach a payment order
When and how we reply
We will reply to you on our business days (Monday to Friday) between our working hours (09:00 – 17.00 EET). We always do our best to reply to you within one business day. You can also contact our customer service by phone from Monday to Friday from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Media requests, sponsorship proposals and other public queries are welcomed to
media@bondora.com
.